cleaned up TODOs (#22031)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

[Support "Zulu OpenJDK Discovery API" for auto provisioning toolchains gradle#19140](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/19140)

#### Enhanced the plugin declaration DSL for the java-gradle-plugin

> The recently released [version 1.0.0 of the Plugin-Publish plugin](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.gradle.plugin-publish/1.0.0) significantly improves the process by having stronger opinions and a more straightforward configuration. 

Reviewer: I'm unclear what "the process" means here. Plugin declaration? Plugin publishing? Both?

> We enhance the `java-gradle-plugin` documentation, describing the Maven publications it generates when used together with the `maven-publish plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes updates to the `java-gradle-plugin` documentation.
The enhanced documentation describes the Maven publications generated when
combined with the `maven-publish plugin`.
```

#### Enhanced the plugin declaration DSL for the java-gradle-plugin

> The recently released [version 1.0.0 of the Plugin-Publish plugin](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.gradle.plugin-publish/1.0.0) significantly improves the plugin publishing process by having stronger opinions and a more straightforward configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recently released [version 1.0.0 of the Plugin-Publish plugin](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.gradle.plugin-publish/1.0.0) significantly improves the plugin publishing process through stronger opinions and a more straightforward configuration.
```
Small wording improvement.
